Adding content about the catalog sync CLI (#8125)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-catalog-sync.md

---
group: configuration-guide
title: Catalog Sync
---

Magento compiles catalog data into tables using indexers. This process is automatically [triggered by several events](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/system/index-management-events.html), such as changes to a product's price or inventory levels. To allow some Magento services to use that catalog data, a catalog sync process runs hourly. The catalog sync process exports product data from the Magento server to SaaS services on an ongoing basis. For example, the [Product Recommendations](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/product-recommendations.html) feature needs up-to-date catalog information so that it can accurately return recommendations with correct names, pricing, and availability. Use the command-line interface to trigger the catalog sync and reindex product data for consumption by SaaS services.

> The commands used to sync catalog data are part of the `magento/saas-export` package. See [Install and configure Product Recommendations](https://devdocs.magento.com/recommendations/install-configure.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commands used to sync catalog data are part of the `magento/saas-export` package. See [Install and configure Product Recommendations]({{ site.baseurl }}/recommendations/install-configure.html) for more information.
```
